oh yeah
and then it has an optical touch yes
there we liked with light
these are the language that you break
when you want to end or something
so you have these three arrows in the
bottom state of screen is it open the
left one radio sweep along the bottom do
you open up the menu if you go along in
the menu up here removal you can find
all of your different applications in
the menu
so for example if I open up
history
ultimatum all the call man I can go down
like this you have anything
do I want to call
I don't have my scene partner
call
if I open for example contacts if I want
to close it if I want to
the media in our town
maybe fountain my player
in the on the right
typing text in the middle here's we have
the key you have the key bear you can
enter the numbers and you get a
vibrating when you touch and then if you
want to call this number just sweep like
this
okay I don't have the show
over here
my works and I can create a new world
and here we can wherever we're different
right was out there
- English t9
right
when you have entered all the next steps
week
and you go back
many of the
to
and you're through the end
before people